[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk.git/api/cosmos/query/v1/query.pulsar.go)

This code defines an extension field to the `MethodOptions` message in the `google.protobuf` package. The extension field is called `module_query_safe` and is used to indicate whether a query is safe to be called from within the state machine, for example from another module's Keeper, via ADR-033 calls or from CosmWasm contracts. 

The extension field is defined as a boolean value and has a tag of `11110001`. The purpose of this extension field is to help module developers ensure that their queries are deterministic and won't introduce state-machine-breaking changes without a coordinated upgrade path. It also helps to ensure that the gas consumed by the query is tracked to avoid the attack vector where no gas is accounted for on potentially high-computation queries.

To use this extension field, a module developer can add the `module_query_safe` annotation to one of their own queries and set it to `true` if the query meets the above criteria. For example:

```
import (
    "google.golang.org/protobuf/types/descriptorpb"
)

// ...

options := &descriptorpb.MethodOptions{}
options.XXX_ExtensionDesc_E_ModuleQuerySafe = &true
```

This code is part of the `cosmos-sdk` project and is generated by `protoc-gen-go-pulsar`. It should not be edited directly.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this file?
- This file contains generated code for the `cosmos-sdk` project's query module.

2. What is the significance of the `module_query_safe` extension field?
- The `module_query_safe` extension field is used to indicate whether a query is safe to be called from within the state machine, and has specific requirements for determinism and gas consumption.

3. What version of `protoc-gen-go` was used to generate this code?
- The code was generated using `protoc-gen-go` version 1.27.0, but the version of `protoc` used is unknown.