[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk.git/client/grpc/node/query.pb.gw.go)

This file is part of the `cosmos-sdk` project and is generated by `protoc-gen-grpc-gateway`. The purpose of this file is to provide a reverse proxy that translates gRPC into RESTful JSON APIs. The `node` package contains functions that register HTTP handlers for the `Service` to a `runtime.ServeMux`. The `Service` is defined in the `query.proto` file. 

The `RegisterServiceHandlerServer` function registers the HTTP handlers for the `Service` to the `mux`. It takes a context, a `runtime.ServeMux`, and a `ServiceServer` as input. The `RegisterServiceHandlerFromEndpoint` function is similar to `RegisterServiceHandler`, but it automatically dials to an endpoint and closes the connection when the context is done. The `RegisterServiceHandlerClient` function registers the HTTP handlers for the `Service` to the `mux`. It takes a context, a `runtime.ServeMux`, and a `ServiceClient` as input. 

The `request_Service_Config_0` and `local_request_Service_Config_0` functions handle the `Config` request for the `Service`. The `request_Service_Status_0` and `local_request_Service_Status_0` functions handle the `Status` request for the `Service`. 

The `pattern_Service_Config_0` and `pattern_Service_Status_0` variables define the URL patterns for the `Config` and `Status` requests, respectively. The `forward_Service_Config_0` and `forward_Service_Status_0` variables forward the response message. 

Overall, this file provides a way to translate gRPC into RESTful JSON APIs for the `Service` defined in the `query.proto` file. It allows for HTTP handlers to be registered for the `Service` and for requests to be handled.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code file?
- This code file is a reverse proxy that translates gRPC into RESTful JSON APIs.

2. What external packages are being imported in this code file?
- The code file is importing several packages including `context`, `io`, `net/http`, `github.com/golang/protobuf/descriptor`, `github.com/golang/protobuf/proto`, `github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/runtime`, `github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/utilities`, `google.golang.org/grpc`, `google.golang.org/grpc/codes`, `google.golang.org/grpc/grpclog`, and `google.golang.org/grpc/metadata`.

3. What is the purpose of the `RegisterServiceHandlerFromEndpoint` function?
- The `RegisterServiceHandlerFromEndpoint` function is used to register the http handlers for service Service to "mux" and automatically dials to "endpoint" and closes the connection when "ctx" gets done.