[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk.git/depinject/config.go)

The `depinject` package provides a dependency injection container for the Cosmos SDK project. The `Config` interface defines a functional configuration of the container. The `Provide` function defines a container configuration that registers the provided dependency injection providers. Each provider will be called at most once, except for module-scoped providers, which are called at most once per module. The `ProvideInModule` function defines a container configuration that registers the provided dependency injection providers to be run in the named module. The `Invoke` function defines a container configuration that registers the provided invoker functions. Each invoker will be called at the end of dependency graph configuration in the order in which it was defined. The `InvokeInModule` function defines a container configuration that registers the provided invoker functions to run in the provided module scope. The `BindInterface` function defines a container configuration for an explicit interface binding of `inTypeName` to `outTypeName` in global scope. The `BindInterfaceInModule` function defines a container configuration for an explicit interface binding of `inTypeName` to `outTypeName` in the scope of the module with name `moduleName`. The `Supply` function defines a container configuration that supplies the provided values to the container. The `Error` function defines a configuration that causes the dependency injection container to fail immediately. The `Configs` function defines a configuration that bundles together multiple `Config` definitions. 

Here is an example of how `Provide` and `Invoke` can be used to register a provider and an invoker function:

```
type MyService struct {
    // ...
}

func NewMyService() *MyService {
    // ...
}

func MyInvoker(myService *MyService) {
    // ...
}

func main() {
    container := NewContainer()
    config := Provide(NewMyService())
    config = Configs(config, Invoke(MyInvoker))
    container.MustConfigure(config)
    // ...
}
```

In this example, `NewMyService` is a provider function that creates a new instance of `MyService`. `MyInvoker` is an invoker function that takes an instance of `MyService` as input. The `Provide` function is used to register `NewMyService` as a provider, and the `Invoke` function is used to register `MyInvoker` as an invoker. The `Configs` function is used to bundle the two configurations together. Finally, the `MustConfigure` function is used to apply the configuration to the container.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of the `Config` interface and how is it used?
- The `Config` interface is a functional configuration of a container, and it is used to define container configurations for dependency injection providers, invoker functions, interface bindings, and other configurations.

2. What are the requirements for functions to be used as dependency injection providers or invokers?
- Functions used as dependency injection providers or invokers must be declared as exported functions, not in internal packages, and all of their input and output types must also be declared and exported and not in internal packages. Generic type parameters will not be checked, but they should also be exported so that codegen is possible.

3. What is the purpose of the `Supply` function and how is it used?
- The `Supply` function defines a container configuration which supplies values to the container, and it is used to provide values to the container that are not generated by dependency injection providers. It takes one or more values as input and returns a `Config` object that can be used to apply the configuration to a container.