[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk.git/codec/json.go)

The `codec` package in the `cosmos-sdk` project provides functionality for encoding and decoding data structures used in the project. This particular file contains a function called `ProtoMarshalJSON` that provides an auxiliary function to return Proto3 JSON encoded bytes of a message.

The function takes in two parameters: a `proto.Message` and a `jsonpb.AnyResolver`. The `proto.Message` is a message generated by the `protoc` compiler from a `.proto` file. The `jsonpb.AnyResolver` is an interface that resolves the type URL of a protobuf `Any` message. If the `jsonpb.AnyResolver` is not provided, the function uses a default `jsonpb.Marshaler` with `OrigName` and `EmitDefaults` set to `true`.

The function first unpacks any interfaces in the message using the `types.UnpackInterfaces` function. This function is used to unpack any `Any` messages in the message and resolve their type URL using the provided `jsonpb.AnyResolver`. If there are no `Any` messages in the message, this step is skipped.

Next, the function creates a new buffer and marshals the message using the `jsonpb.Marshaler`. The resulting bytes are returned along with a possible error.

This function can be used to encode a protobuf message to JSON format. It is useful for encoding messages that will be sent over the network or stored in a database. Here is an example usage of the function:

```go
import (
    "github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/codec"
    "github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/types"
)

type MyMessage struct {
    Name string
    Age  int
}

func main() {
    msg := &MyMessage{Name: "Alice", Age: 30}
    jsonBytes, err := codec.ProtoMarshalJSON(msg, types.NewInterfaceRegistry())
    if err != nil {
        panic(err)
    }
    fmt.Println(string(jsonBytes))
}
```

In this example, a `MyMessage` struct is created and passed to the `ProtoMarshalJSON` function along with a new `InterfaceRegistry`. The resulting JSON bytes are printed to the console.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of the `codec` package in the `cosmos-sdk` project?
- The `codec` package provides functionality for encoding and decoding data structures in the `cosmos-sdk` project.

2. What is the `ProtoMarshalJSON` function used for?
- The `ProtoMarshalJSON` function is an auxiliary function that returns Proto3 JSON encoded bytes of a message.

3. What is the purpose of the `AnyResolver` parameter in the `ProtoMarshalJSON` function?
- The `AnyResolver` parameter is used to resolve `google.protobuf.Any` messages during JSON marshaling. It allows for custom handling of `Any` messages in the JSON output.