[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/main/docs/sidebars.js)

This code defines a configuration object for generating sidebars in the documentation of the cosmos-sdk project. Sidebars are a common feature in documentation websites that allow users to navigate between different sections of the documentation. 

The `sidebars` object is defined as a JavaScript object literal and contains a single property called `tutorialSidebar`. This property is an array of objects that define the structure of the sidebar. 

The first object in the `tutorialSidebar` array is of type `"autogenerated"`, which means that the sidebar will be generated automatically based on the file structure of the documentation. The `dirName` property specifies the directory from which the sidebar should be generated. In this case, it is set to `"."`, which means that the sidebar should be generated from the current directory.

The second object in the `tutorialSidebar` array is of type `"category"`, which represents a group of related items in the sidebar. The `label` property specifies the name of the category, which in this case is `"Resources"`. The `collapsed` property determines whether the category should be initially collapsed or expanded in the sidebar. The `items` property is an array of objects that represent the individual items in the category. 

Each item object has a `type` property that specifies the type of item. In this case, all items are of type `"link"`, which means that they are external links to other resources. The `label` property specifies the name of the link, and the `href` property specifies the URL of the resource being linked to. 

This configuration object can be used by the Docusaurus documentation generator to generate a sidebar for the cosmos-sdk documentation website. By defining the structure of the sidebar in code, it allows for easy customization and maintenance of the sidebar as the documentation evolves over time. 

Example usage:

```javascript
import sidebars from './sidebars';

// Use the `sidebars` object to generate a sidebar for the documentation website
generateSidebar(sidebars.tutorialSidebar);
```
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
   - This code creates a sidebar for a documentation website, which can be generated from the filesystem or explicitly defined.
2. What is the format of the sidebar configuration?
   - The sidebar configuration is an object with a property called `tutorialSidebar`, which is an array of sidebar items. Each item can be either an autogenerated list of docs or a category with a label and a list of links.
3. Where can I find more information about the resources linked in the sidebar?
   - The sidebar includes links to tutorials, an SDK API reference, a REST API spec, an "Awesome Cosmos" list, and support discussions. More information about these resources can be found by following the links provided.